welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode seven
yes it's Wednesday they released it two
days early this week so as not to
conflict with the rise of Skywalker this
Friday go watch my full Star Wars saga
recap if you haven't yet it's hilarious
and as for the Mandalorian this is a big
episode things happen with the main plot
so if you haven't watched it yet go
check it out on Disney Plus right now
and then come back here for my recap it
begins with a call from the bounty guild
leader Carl Weathers mando shot him last
time they met but it's like hey what's
up I survived it's like you know the
client that wanted baby oh no he's this
ex Imperial guy and he's basically
taking over the city I'm not down for
that anymore
let's join forces to take him out we'll
clear your name with the bounty guild
and we'll all be happy now this would be
fantastic mando and baby Oda could
finally stop running but commando trust
Carl Weathers not really so he's
recruiting some backup of his own he's
bringing back all the one-off characters
from the season first stop is the badass
Republic Commando she's doing some
classic pit fighting but man does like
hey girl I need your help to take out
annex Imperial warlord and she's like
hey you had me at X Imperial while
they're hanging out on the ship
baby Yoda is classically getting up to
shenanigans oh who got the old ship yeah
he was pressing all the buttons they're
like we need someone to watch this guy
so he goes to get a babysitter it's the
I have spoken dude and hanging out with
them is the self-destructing bounty
hunter droid from episode 1 yeah he
wasn't found his body and reprogrammed
him to be just a servant droid now we
know the Mandalorian hates droids and we
haven't gotten the backstory but we've
seen in his little flashbacks it looks
like it was droids that killed his
family but little dudes like hey droids
just do what they're programmed to and I
trust this one so they ride off together
mando and commando are arm wrestling PB
oda wants to help out his friend but he
does it by force choking her oh no bad
baby oda what yeah we haven't seen him
use his force power since the early
episode but he still got him then they
fly on down in rendezvous with Carl
Weathers it seems like they can trust
him for now plans real simple they're
gonna bring in mando and baby Yoda as
bait and then kill the guy
he's only got four bodyguards at a time
and they figure once they kill him the
rest of the stormtroopers will scatter
there's immediately something unexpected
though they're attacked by pterodactyls
yes looping out of the
our goal they're shooting all around one
of them grabs a blerg and carries it
away
oh they managed to scare them all off
but Carl Weathers was scratched real bad
and these things have poison claws it's
it's spreading he gonna die
but baby Yoda comes in and does a little
Healing Touch Oh
works he feels his arm totally so the
next morning they get to the edge of
town and looks like the bounty guilds
betraying them but Oh Carl Weathers
takes them out he's like yeah sorry
mando my plan was definitely to betray
you but since baby Yoda saved my life I
feel bad let's actually work together
and do the plan commandos like look
let's not actually put baby Oda in
danger I have spoken guy take him back
to the ship we'll go in with the empty
crib now the city is fully under this
dudes control stormtroopers everywhere
they go to the client hey we captured
the Mandalorian in baby Oda for you the
clients real happy he really wants this
baby Yoda they slipped mando a gun like
all right when he sits back down
take the shot but while the clients on
the phone oh he got shot and someone
shooting up the whole place taking out
all the stormtroopers who is this is it
mantas mental Orion friends no such luck
they're badass new armor stormtroopers
and an entire squad of stormtroopers
coming in a TIE fighter flies in
bringing the real big bad it's Giancarlo
Esposito Gus from Breaking Bad he's some
other ex imperial bigwig and he wants
baby Yoda for himself means more to me
then you will ever know mandos like yo I
have spoken guy we're trapped here take
baby Yoda and bail but it's too late
they're already on his trail he's riding
like the wind is he gonna make it in
time no he does not
oh they killed him he was such a nice
guy the storm troopers snatch up baby
Yoda and that's how the episode comes to
an end if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]